This expense tracker application helps the user manage their expenses to ensure that they don't go into debt. It is a useful application for tracking every expense the user has and how much money remains after the expenses have been deducted. This gives the user an indication as to how much money they have left to spend.

To enter an income the user must enter a + followed by an amount. This informs the tracker that the amount is an income. The name that the user entered for the income along with the value will be stored in the History column next to a green tab.
To enter an expense the user must enter the name of the expense in the income or expense column along with - and an amount in the Amount column. This informs the tracker that the amount entered is an expense and needs to be deducted from the income value. This information will then get stored in the History column next to a red tab to indicate an expense. Every income or expense entered into the tracker gets stored into the History column to keep a record of every source of income or expense that the user has. The new balance will then be displayed at the top of the page in Rands above the total amounts for Income and Expenses.
This gives the user a detailed description of how much money has been deducted as expenses and how much money is remaining in the income that is available to be spent.

I once again used React.js, HTML, CSS and JavaScript to create this project along with ContextAPI. The most difficult part of creating this project was creating the function that calculates the balance, which I was able to achieve by doing some research and by putting together different pieces of code.
